I once submitted 10 puns to a joke competition. I really thought with that many, one was sure to be a winner. Sadly, no pun in ten did.
Why did the old man fall down the well? He couldn’t see that well.
I tried to make up a joke about ghost but I couldn't. It had plenty of spirit but no body.
Two windmills were sitting on a hill. One asks the other, "Do you have a favorite song?" The other replies, "Well... all my life I have been a heavy metal fan."
Today at the bank, an old lady asked me to check her balance... So I pushed her over.
I got an A on my origami assignment when I turned my paper into my teacher.
If your house is cold, just stand in the corner. It’s always 90 degrees there.
What do you call the security guards for Samsung? Guardians of the galaxy.
Did you hear about the guy who went to the doctor for a headache? The doctor examined his ear and found money. The doctor kept pulling and pulling it out until he had $1,999. Then the doctor said, "No wonder you're not feeling two grand!"
Hi, I’m Cliff. Drop over sometime.
Dad, when he puts the car in reverse: "Ah, this takes me back."
I was making a joke about retirement. It did not work.
The other day I bought a thesaurus, but when I got home and opened it, all the pages were blank. I have no word to describe how angry I am.
The owner of the tuxedo store kept hovering over me when i was browsing, so I asked him to leave me alone. He said, “Fine, suit yourself.”
Why did the egg have a day off? Because it was Fryday.
Have you ever heard about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.
I found a book called How to Solve 50% of Your Problems. So I bought 2.
Why did the coffee taste like dirt? Because it was ground just a few minutes ago.
Why did the Rolling Stones stop making music? Because they got to bottom of the hill.
What is the best present? Broken drums! You can't beat them.
I made song about tortilla once, now it's more like a wrap.
Did you know courdury pillows are in style? They're making headlines.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
Did you hear about the fragile myth? It was busted.
What word can you make shorter by adding two letters? Short.
What do call a criminal landing an airplane? Condescending.
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went, and then it dawned on me.
Why do people who live in Greece hate waking up at dawn? Because Dawn is tough on Greece.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
Justice is a dish best served cold. Otherwise, it's just water.
Why should you never throw grandpa's false teeth at a vehicle? You might denture car.
Why are Christmas trees bad at knitting? They always drop their needles.
What did the lunch box say to the refrigerator? Don't hate me because I'm a little cooler.
What do you do to have a space party? You planet.
Why couldn’t the tree get on his computer? Because he could not log on.
What's a skeleton's favorite type of road? A dead end.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing, just a little wine.
What did the alien say to the landscaper? Take me to your weeder.
How many apples grow on an apple tree? All of them.
Why didn't the lifeguard save the hippie? He was too far out!
What did the mother broom say to the baby broom? Time to go to sweep.
The other day I was attacked by a bunch of circus clowns in a parking lot. I won though, cause I went right for the juggler.
I'd like to shout out sidewalks for keeping me off the streets.
What did the computer go to the doctor? Because he had a virus.
How many ears does Captain Kirk have? Three. The left ear, the right ear, and the final front-ear.
What do you need to make a highway in an art studio? A mile marker.
How does Vin Diesel keep in touch with the Fast and Furious crew? On a Zoom call.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
How much does a chimney cost. Nothing, it's on the house.
Why do only some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don't work out.
You don't need a parachute to go skydiving. You need one to go skydiving twice.
How do you make 7 even? Take away the S.
Why is sausage bad for you? It brings out the Wurst in people.
What do you call a broken clock? A waste of time.
Why did the teddy bear turn down a slice of cake. He was stuffed.
What's an astronaut's favorite board game? Moon-opoly
How do you make Budweiser? Send him to school.
What is Santa’s favorite state to visit? Ida Ho Ho Ho
Have you seen those traffic circles or driven around them? Well, they are pointless.
"I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered."
"My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward."
"Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera."
"What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie?" "Sofishticated."
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?" "Pilgrims."
"I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along."